Made by Gyucika91. V2 31/07/17

1. Pull Revive Battlefield 2 to Applications

2. Right-click on Revive Battlefield 2 and choose "Show Package Contents"

3. Run “Change_CDkey”, go to battlelog.co and log in. Go to Account Settings and copy your CD-key. Go back to the terminal press Enter to continue and paste in the CD-key. Press Enter. Close window

4. Run “Change_Resolution”, press Enter to continue and type in your max screen resolution for fullscreen (RECOMMENDED), or lower number for windowed mode (MAY NOT WORK)

5. Go back to Applications and you can now double-click to run the game. Use "Retrieve Account" to log in with your Revive account.

IMPORTANT: If you already had Battlefield 2 installed previously, then you MUST go to your “Documents” folder and delete the “Battlefield 2” folder or else the game will crash on launch!

IMPORTANT: The “Terrain” settings in Graphics must be “Low”, otherwise there will be texture glitches on the ground, also called the “black spots” bug.

SPECIAL FORCES: You can switch to Special Forces after logging in, going to “Community” and choosing “CUSTOM GAMES”. The screen will flash a few times, that is normal.

64 BOT SINGLE PLAYER: You can switch to BF2ALL64 after logging in, going to “Community” and choosing “CUSTOM GAMES”. The screen will flash a few times, that is normal.

MULTI-MONITOR SETUP: In the package contents you will find an app called “DisableMonitor” from https://github.com/Eun/DisableMonitor. If you want to play on an external monitor, you must first disable the laptop internal monitor and then run the game. This only needs to be done the first time you launch the game. After that the game will always launch on that monitor.

INSTALL MODS: To install mods, you need to copy them to the “mods” folder. Right-click on Revive Battlefield 2 and choose "Show Package Contents”. Double-click on “drive_c” and navigate to Program Files/EA GAMES/Battlefield 2/mods. Copy-paste your mod here.

### CHANGELOG from v1
* Special Forces files were corrupt. Fixed by re-extracting the files
* Made install graphics and packaged game as dmg
* Wrapper now includes 64 bot single player mod
* Updated instructions